---
layout: post
title:  "Pulaski County Sheriff Election"
date:   2014-08-31 14:36:23
---

The Pulaski County Democratic Committee will hold an assembled caucus on Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 6:30 p.m. in the General District Court Room at the Pulaski County Courthouse, 45 Third St. NW, Pulaski, for the purpose of nominating a Democratic candidate for the Special Election for the position of Pulaski County sheriff.

Each person seeking to become the Democratic nominee for Pulaski County sheriff is required to file a Declaration of Candidacy form with Pulaski Democratic Committee Chair Suzanne Bowen. Forms are available at Bowen's Law Office, 40 Fourth St. NW, Pulaski. The forms must be turned in at that address by 9 a.m. Monday, July 17. Only those candidates who have timely and properly filed a Declaration of Candidacy form will have their names placed in nomination.

Every Democrat who is a registered voter in Pulaski County is urged to attend the caucus. Candidates will be invited to speak before the vote is taken. The doors to the caucus will open at 6:30 p.m. and will close at 7 p.m. and no further persons will be permitted to enter. Those in line will be permitted to complete the check-in process and will be permitted to participate. The candidate will be elected by a plurality of the votes of the assembled caucus.

If only one person files properly to be a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Pulaski County sheriff by the filing deadline, the Pulaski County Democratic Committee may cancel the caucus and declare that person the nominee.

For more information, contact the Pulaski County Democratic Committee at (540) 980-4664 or <a href="mailto:pulaskicountyvademocrats@gmail.com​">pulaskicountyvademocrats@gmail.com</a>

Declaration of Candidacy forms can be found [here]({{ site.url }}/assets/sheriff_forms.pdf)
